thanks for coming I have so many
questions it's weird to see you in green
though I have to say it's like it's
upsetting in a way well well maybe I
just want to pay you know look how much
to Larry Bird yeah well homage to all
the money you just gave LeBron
well we gave him a lot Yeah right now
the last time I was here I got in
trouble I don't get in trouble today you
know I got in trouble to be more mad at
me because there was a finest s because
the league takes these free agent
conversations very serious I hundred
thousand dollars five hundred thousand
dollars as a result of your appearance
on there we'll have a good time to
[Laughter]
everybody out here Jimmy then called me
to say hey I'm moto in a hundred no I
think you get like eight hundred dollars
for being here so that's okay you've
made your contribution that way so a
couple of weeks ago you announced that
if you were unable as president of
basketball operations to bring a major
free agent to the Lakers you would quit
you would resign you would consider
yourself to be a failure
at that time did you have a good idea
that you were gonna get LeBron no you
did not know I but I had confidence in
myself and also the Laker brand the
Laker young players that we had not
Walden as the coach you know Rob pálinka
and I had done our homework and we
really thought we had a great plan to
you know introduce to LeBron and when
you got to owner like Jeanie buss I
think all those things I think we had a
strong argument to him to come join the
Lakers mm-hmm and so I couldn't wait to
get in front of him because I had
watched all the film on him when he was
at with Cleveland the first time when he
was with Miami then when he went back to
Cleveland so I had a sense of his game
mm-hmm and
what he wanted in terms of what he was
looking for but I had to get in front of
him to just tell him on where we are
that's right
now it's interesting how it works you
mentioned that fine because the rules
are really very strict at 9:01 p.m.
that's one June 30th that's when you
were able to start speaking to LeBron
that's right not a minute before that
had a minute before you go to his house
did he invite you to his house or did
you call and say I would like to come
[Laughter]
have a meeting but Rob called his agent
mm-hmm and when you think about rich
pause his agent so they talked in or
said that LeBron would love to have a
meeting with the Lakers but he wants to
have it with magic right so that's what
happened I see and then are you excited
like oh great I get to be in there by
myself or do rather Rob was there and
the whole team was there I was ready man
you were ready to yeah I showed up at
eight o'clock you showed up at eight
o'clock before you took this meeting
with LeBron did you speak to
Lonzo balls father to make sure it's
okay to recruit him to be a part I would
have called you
[Applause]
oh no an ask permission so I got that
eight uh-huh and I said under an hour
early Oh where'd you sit in the car
that's right okay I'm on time god I was
just hoping that I didn't have to go to
the bathroom and I would've got fine
because I had to go early right Yeah
right that would have been an expensive
pain yeah so you get to LeBrons house
and I'm sitting out there and I wait for
nine o'clock mm-hmm so at nine o'clock I
into the game okay I don't ring the
buzzer to 9:01 me so scared it's crazy
because you're half a million dollars I
was thinking about that yeah and it
wasn't like that back when you were no
sit down with with LeBron and how do you
open it like what how do you start does
he start the you start yeah well you
know of course he greeted me at the door
and we sat down and I tell you something
Jimmy this guy is so smart what was he
wearing
there's some shorts you know LeBron Nike
gear okay all right looking very sharp
gotcha you know very relaxed and we just
you know start talking about how we both
grew up first and how we had probably
the same expectations of you know people
expected us to win and be good and we
both Midwest boys him from Ohio me from
Michigan so we started that direction
and then we headed toward the Lakers and
he broke down every player on our team
their strengths and weaknesses he
already knew you know the guys on our
team and and you were impressed by that
I was very impressed with that and the
fact that he knew that he could fit into
this young core that we had and so we
just started
dialogue and before we knew it you know
two hours had passed already but it was
a lot of liquor expectations and
offense/defense you know how he likes to
play it and and what was great is this
is how he wants to play today
all right the way the Lakers play with
pace and he's gonna really take our
players to this level sure he makes them
so much better now 24 hours after that
Golden State
which they already have this
unbelievable team they signed DeMarcus
Cousins who's another all-star is that
dispiriting to you when you hear that no
no I love competition you do and I and I
love chasing the best they're the best
so you know we'll look forward to
playing against them
I see and you think at this point the
Lakers the way the team is situated
right now could beat Golden State well I
think that you know we will look forward
to that challenge right everybody
expects Golden State to win again but I
would love to have the challenge and to
play them in it Western Conference
Finals right if we could get to that
position so I'm not I'm a competitor so
I'm not scared of Golden State I'm not
worried about Golden State they don't
keep me up at night I know that we have
a really solid team on a good team and a
competitive team and a tough minor team
and we got guys now who are winners
LeBron James brains a championship
mentality to our team so does Rondo he's
won a championship with boss here yeah
and then
JaVale McGee who used to play for go to
state he's won to champion the skies he
talked to LeBron about it oh for sure
you do sure you know and that was a
courtesy that was extended to you as
well as exactly doctor bus before we
made moves he would always come to me
what do you think about this guy what do
you think about this tre and so I want
to make sure I do the same because
LeBron has played against these guys so
he knows I'm even better than myself
right yeah you know he knows what's up
here and he knows what's in here and
that's important to know if they're
smart if they're tough if they're tough
minded that's important you know Denzel
Washington was here last week and I was
asking because he's obviously a Lakers
fan right
as soon as he called you after the
Lakers sign LeBron he said he did call
you and you rushed him off the telephone
and you know I love Denzel who doesn't
like that help Denzel give this season
tickets on the floor there right long
long time ago he needed help yeah oh
yeah yeah you know so I helped him out
you know told him to call dr. buss and
that whole thing who else called you
that who called you man everybody Jack
Nicholson call everybody did Pope
Francis did he make a phone but the Pope
but I said some prayer so hopefully the
Pope put him up to God for me to get
LeBron honestly did you at any point
stop and pray that God would bring you
LeBron James to your team no I didn't
you didn't read for LeBron but I prayed
for success in free agency you did
[Applause]
changed the NBA for the better has
changed Los Angeles and Laker nation for
a change Cleveland for the much want to
give him credit cuz he brought him the
championship he did certainly he
delivered to Cleveland and I remember
something that LeBron told me many years
ago we hosted the ESPYs together and
after when people were so upset with him
for leaving Cleveland and he said you
know I'm not I'm from Akron and I
thought that was interesting but he's
listen he is a wonderful man smart he's
a businessman as well you know own
soccer team's own different businesses
Pizza on and on and on yeah he's very
rich yeah yeah you ever say that I'm
like listen uh you know I know you are
loaded you got soccer teams you've got
pizza maybe we can do this for Half
Price a discount but you know what I
wanted them so bad I didn't want to mess
up
I know you don't want to mess up no no
no no no Brian I'm gonna pay you
whatever you want
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape